Basic JMeter Quetions

1. Explain what are the different types of post processors ? 

2. Explain what is the difference between variable class and properties class in JMeter?
Var - can be created and used with in the same thread group
whereas props - can be used within multiple thread groups

3. What is JMeter execution flow ?
Configuration elements.
Pre-Processors.
Timers.
Sampler.
Post-Processors (unless SampleResult is null)
Assertions (unless SampleResult is null)
Listeners (unless SampleResult is null)

4. What all protocols have you used so far using JMeter?

5. Once NFR is ready how do you create the performance test plan? What all factors you look for?

6. How do you analyze results using JMeter? Have you intergrated any other performance monitoring tool (APM tool) with JMeter?

7. Apart from Load testing what all types of performance testing you have done so far ? How did you accomplish those using JMeter?


Performance Engineering

1. How do you identify the performance bottlenecks?
Ans: The Performance Bottlenecks can be detected by using monitors.
These monitors might be application server monitors, web server monitors, database server monitors and network monitors.
They help in finding out the troubled area in our scenario which causes increased response time.
The measurements made are usually a performance response time, throughput, hits/sec, network delay graphs, etc

2. What kind of problem can we face regarding hardware, software, network and memory bottleneck during the performance test?
Ans: The possible issues amongst others could be –
i. Lack of Hardware
ii. Memory Leakage
iii. Network related issues.
iv. Application/Software error

3. What would be your recommendation to improve performance measure?
Fine Tuning of network, database, and app and the web server is recommended.
i. At the network level tries to optimize the latency and bandwidth.
ii. At the database level, verify all indexes and sequences by running profilers. You may also optimize your database queries.
iii. At the App server level, run profilers for finding the memory leaks in the application
iv. At the web server level, you can use monitors and optimize the throughput and other related metrics of the server.

LoadRunner

1. What all protocols you have used so far in LoadRunner ?
2. Diff between Web HTTP/HTML and Web TrueClient prototcol ?
3. What are the recording modes for Web HTTP/HTML protocol of LoadRunner?
4. Can you list me some of the pre defined functions you have used during LoadRunner scripting.
Have you ever written a user-defined functions ? How do we write a user-defined function in LoadRunner?
Ans : User should create the external library that contains the function. This library must then be added to the bin directory of VuGen. And then, the user-defined function can be assigned as a parameter.
5. What is the difference in running the Vuser as a process and as a thread? Which is more advantageous way of running Vuser?
Ans : When Vuser is run as a process, the same driver program is loaded into memory for each Vuser. This will take a large amount of memory and will limit the number of Vusers you can run on a single generator.
When Vuser is run as a thread, only one instance of driver program is shared by given number of Vusers. You can run a number of Vusers on a single generator using the multi-threading mode.
6. What is the benefit of running a Vuser script as a thread?
The advantage of running a Vuser script as a thread which allows more Vusers to be used for one load generator. Running Vuser scripts as processes utilizes a lot of memory because all of the loaded scripts use the same driver.
This limits the number of Vuser scripts that can be run on one generator.
7. What are all the types of Goals in Goal-Oriented Scenario of Load Runner?
Ans: Five different types of goals:
Number of concurrent Vusers
Number of hits per second
Number of transactions per second
Number of pages per minute
Transaction response time
8. During the load test, what is the optimum setting for Logs?
Ans: For the load test log level is set to minimal. This can be achieved by setting the log level to the standard log and selecting the radio button “Send a message only when an error occurs”.
9. How will you stop the execution of a script on error?
Ans: This can be achieved through lr_abort function. The function instructs the Vuser to stop executing the Action section and end the execution by executing the vuser_end section. This function is helpful in handling a specific error.
This can also be used to handle a situation rather than error where execution is not possible. The function assigned “Stopped” status to the Vuser which stopped due to lr_abort function. In the Run-Time setting, “Continue on error” should be unchecked.

